The water is boiling can you turn it off?
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
Listen to those people. what language are they speaking?
Excuse me, do you speak english?
Let's go out. It isn't raining now
It doesn't rain very much in summer.
I'm getting hungry. Let's go and eat.
I always get hungry in the afternoon
kate wants to work in Italy, so she's learning Italian
most people learn to swim when they are children.
the population of the world is increasing very fast
every day the population of the world increases be about 200,000 people
i'm living with some friends until i find a place of my own
my parents live in London. they have lived there all their lives
joe isn't lazy he works hard most of the time
do you understand what I mean
Anna doesn't seem very happy at the moment
I think Mary is Canadian, but I'm not sure
I'm thinking about what happened. I often think about it.
nicky is thinking of giving up her job.
do you see that man over there?
this room smells. Let's open a window.
I can hear a strange noise. Can you hear it?
I usually feel tired in the morning
Look! That man is trying to open the door of your car.
Can you hear those people? What are they talking about?
The moon goes round the Earth in about 27 days
I must go now. It is getting late.
I usually go to work by car.
Hurry up! It's time to leave.  I'm comming
Paul is never late. He always gets to work on time.
Let's go out. It isn't raining now.
Julia is very good at languages. She speaks four languages very well.
Hurry up! Everybody is waiting for you.
Are you listenning to the radio?   No, you can turn it off.
Do you listen to the radio every day?   No, just occasionally
The river Nile flows into the Mediterranean.
The river is flowing very fast today - much faster than usual
we usually grow vegetables in our garden, but this year we are not growing any
Rachel is in New York right now. She is living at the Park Hotel.
She always stays there when she's in New York.
Can we stop walking soon?  I'm starting to feel tired.
Normally, I finish work at five, but this week, I'm working until six to earn a little more money.
My parents live in Manchester. They were born there and have never lived anywhere else.
Sonia is looking for a place to live.
She stays with her sister until she finds somewhere.
He's an architect, but he isn't working at the moment
I usually enjoy parties but I am not enjoying this one very much.
Are you hungry? Do you want something to eat?
Don't put the dictionary away. I'm using it.
Who is that man?  What is he looking at us?
Alan says he's 80 years old, but nobody believes him.
She told me her name, but I'm not remembering it now.
I'm thinking of selling my car. Would you be interested in buying it?
I think you should sell your car. You are not using it very often.
Air consists mainly of nitrogen and oxygen.
I hurt my back while I was working in the garden
I saw you in the park yesterday. you were sitting on the grass and reading a book
I was walking along the road when I saw Dan. So I stopped and we had a chat
We have been waiting for the bus for 20 minutes
I have been learning Spanish since December
She has been working in a supermarket since 18 Jan
Hello, Tom. I have been looking for you. Where have you been?
Why are you looking at me like that? Stop it!
I have been thinking about what you said and I've decided to take your advice
Sarah is very tired. She has been working very hard recently
She has been traveling around Europe for 3 months
They have been making films since they left college
Have you caught any fish?
How many people have you invited
How long have you been saving money?
Look! Somebody has broken that window
'Have you ever worked in a factory?'  'No, never'
My brother is an actor. He has appeared in several films
I have been reading the book you lent me, but I haven't finished it yet? It's very interesting.
I have read the book you lent me, so you can have it back now.
This is a very old book. I have had it since I was a child
Ben is a friend of mine. I've known him for a long time
The weather is awful , it's raining again
Sarah and Adam have been married since July
I gave up drinking coffee. I haven't drunk it for a year
Tom always wears the same jacket. It's a very old jacket
Do you have a headache? - Yes, I had a headache all morning
Adrian is never ill, is he? - No, he hasn't been ill since I've known him
It's been raining since lunchtime
Sarah has lived in Paris since 1995
I'm tired of waiting . We've been sitting here for an hour
Kevin has been Looking for a job since he left school
I wonder where Joe is. I haven't seen him since last week
Jane is away. She's been away since Friday
The weather is dry . It hasn't rained for a few weeks
I haven't eaten in a restaurant for ages
My husband, "James," and I have been married only three years
We are both in out 20's
Everything is really great between us except our sex life
as far as he is concerned that's fine, too, but I am not satisfied
It may seem odd to hear the female wants to have sex more frequently than a young and healthy male
It may seem odd to hear the female wants to have sex more frequently than a young and healthy male
but that's the case in our relationship
I work with the public and I get frequent remarks about what a beautiful woman I am
This makes it hard for me to believe that I don't attract him at all
I have expressed many times that I wish we were more intimate
I have even expressed it to him in more than one letter, hoping to reach him
I am at total loss as to how to make him realize how important this is to me
Is there something wrong with my body?
I just don't know who to turn to for advice on this subject
When we got home last night, we found that somebody had broken into the flat
At first I thought I'd done the right thing, but I soon realized that I'd made a big mistake
The man sitting next to me on the plane was very nervous He had never flown before
I wasn't sure who she was. I had seen her before, but I couldn't remember where
The house was dirty. They hadn't cleaned it for weeks.
Was Tom there when you arrived? No, he had already left
It wasn't raining when we went out. The sun was shining
But it had been raining, so the ground was wet
Katherine was sitting in an armchair resting
I was surprised when Lisa cut her hair. She had had long hair since I first met her
David used to spend a lot of money on clothes. These days he can't afford it.
This building is now a furniture shop. It used to be a cinema.
Recently I've started drinking tea. I never used to like it before.
We used to live in a small village but now we live in London.
There used to be four cinemas in the town Now there is only one.
Did you use to eat a lot of sweets when you were a child
You have decided to clean your room this morning.
You bought a sweater, but it doesn't fit you very well.
You have been offered a job, but you have decided not to accept it.
I hear you've been offered a job.
You are in a restaurant. The food is awful and you've decided to complain
That bag looks heavy I'll help you with it
Thanks for lending me the money. I'll pay you back on Friday
I won't tell anyone what happened. I promise
Would you please turn the music down? I'm trying to concentrate
I've tried to give her advice but she won't listen
Shall we go? "Just a minute I'm not ready yet"
It's a bit cold. The window is open and you decide to close it
You try on a jacket in a shop. You are not sure whether to buy it or not
You and a friend are going on holiday together but you have to decide where
You and a friend are going out. You have to decide whether to go by car or to walk
They’ve been away a long time. When they return they'll find a Lot of changes here.
Tom won't pass the exam. He hasn't studied hard enough
That plate is hot. If you touch it, you'll burn yourself
Anna Looks completely different now. You won't recognize her.
When will you get your exam results
I'll probably be home late tonight
Do you think Sarah will like the present we bought her?
I wonder what will happen
I like to make sandcastles and watch the sailboats go by
Sometimes there are dolphins and whales in the water!
Every morning we look for shells in the sand
I put them in a special place in my room
This year I want to learn to surf. It is hard to surf but so much fun!
First, I wake up. Then, I get dressed
I walk to school. I do not ride a bike.
They keep their clothes in the closet
They brush their teeth in the bathroom
He placed a skillet on the stove
He poured the oil into the skillet
He cracked the eggs into a bowl
He stirred the eggs. Then, he poured them into the hot skillet
He sat down in the large wooden chair
He ate the eggs with a spoon
He washed the plate with dishwashing soap
My favorite courses are Geometry, French, and History
My professors are very friendly and smart
I live in a big house on Ivy Street. It’s near the college campus
I share the house with three other students.
my sister hates to work in the garden. She prefers to read
They like to cook in our small kitchen
I eat any vegetable but my sister eats only a few
My family always eats breakfast and dinner together
Then my sister washes the dishes
I live in a house near the mountains
I have two brothers and one sister, and I was born last
My father teaches mathematics and my mother is a nurse at a big hospital
He placed white flowers in a vase in the middle of the table
I just returned from the greatest summer vacation
We had a balcony with a wonderful view
We visited many famous tourist places
The French food we ate was delicious
